Exercise 9.1: The bmi calculator -COMPLETED-
Create a script for typechecking and running the program with the command npm run calculateBmi. -done

Exercise 9.2: Exercise calculator
1. Create the code of this exercise in file exerciseCalculator.ts in the same project with the previous exercise. -done
2.For the Result object, you should create an interface -done
-COMPLETED-

Exercise 9.3. Command line
Change the previous exercises so that you can give the parameters of bmiCalculator and exerciseCalculator as command-line arguments.
1- change bmiCalculator -done; had to change the script calculateBmi to make it work
2- change exerciseCalculator.ts -done now accepts some variables from the terminal, up to 8, all of them must be numbers. If the user introduce more than 8 variables, an error will be printed.
-COMPLETED-

Exercise 9.4: Express
We will continue to build the app of the previous exercises.
Add now Express to the app dependencies and create an HTTP GET endpoint hello that answers 'Hello Full Stack!'
The web app should be started with the commands npm start in production mode and npm run dev in development mode.
Replace also your existing tsconfig.json file with the following content: (web image)
1. install Express -done
2. install express types -done
3. create index.ts -> import express and build an express app with a GET http route
4. create the scripts "start" and "dev" (install concurrently library)
5. expand tsconfig.json  -done
-COMPLETED-

Exercise 9.5: WebBmi
1. req.query - configure in index.ts -done
2. check for height and weight number types (type validation) -done
3- export calculateBmi function -done
4- create GET method for webBmi -done
5- Consider adding the condition process.argv[1] === import.meta.filename to the file bmiCalculator.ts -done
-COMPLETED-

Exercise 9.6: Eslint
Configure your project to use the above ESLint settings and fix all the warnings.
1. install as dev: eslint, @eslint/js and typescript-eslint with de commando - npm install --save-dev eslint @eslint/js typescript-eslint -done
2. Write the rules to eslint.config.mjs -done
3. set up a lint npm script -done
4. install and configure @stylistic/eslint-plugin -done
5. solve all the errorss
-COMPLETED-

Exercise 9.7. WebExercises
Add an endpoint to your app for the exercise calculator. It should be used by doing a HTTP POST request to the endpoint http://localhost:3000/exercises
1.  import exerciseCalculator and create the post route -done
-COMPLETED- 

Exercise 9.8: Checkup:
1. changed some file so tests passes (error description, error status)
-COMPLETED-

Exercise 9.9. Patientor backend, step1
1. init npm project -done
2. config package.json (type:"module") -done
3. install typescript and configure tsconfig.json -done
4. install express, @types/express, ESlint  -done (OJO con typescript-eslint no me dejó instalar por fallo de compatibilidad)
5. config lint rules -done
6. install concurrently -done
7. config package.json scripts -done
8. create the initial server and a HTTP GET method for /api/ping -done
-COMPLETED-

Exercise 9.10: Patientor backend, step2
/patientor/frontend:
1. install dependencies with npm install -done
2. change backend port to 3000 as ours -done
3. install CORS in our backend with npm install cors -done
4. implement cors in the backend with import and app.use(cors())
5. install @types/cors to correct the error showed by VSCode - npm i --save-dev @types/cors -done
app working fine
-COMPLETED-

Exercise 9.11: Patientor backend, step3
1. get the files diagnoses.ts and patients.ts from the link, store it in /data -done
2. create a type Diagnosis and use it to create an endpoint /api/diagnosis for fetching all diagnoses with HTTP GET
Note that diagnoses may or may not contain the field latin. You might want to use optional properties (opens in a new tab) in the type definition.
Hint: Enabling the ESLint rule consistent-type-imports could save you from many headaches.
    2.a. create Diagnosis type in /src/types.ts -done
    2.b. create /routes/diagnosesRouter.ts -done
    2.c. use the created route in index.ts for the endpoint /api/diagnoses -done
    2.d. create src/services directory and place diagnosesService.ts with the functions to fetching and saving diagnoses -done
    2.e. implement the new service in the router -done
    2.f. change diagnoses.ts so it exports typed data -done
    2.g. add ESLint rule consistent-type-imports -done
-COMPLETED-

